In the previous video we have presented data structures that manipulate images on TV.
We have also analyzed the content of these data structures and know how to access pixels rows and columns
in an image.
However an image can be included in different ways.
In this video I'm going to give a brief overview about image encoding and how this coding are working
in options.
So there are several types of coding over however are female.
Once an image can be coded into grayscale color and in this case we have only one channel of grayscale
colors and the variance of the colors will range from 0 to 255.
0 means black and 2:55 means a white color.
Another type of common encoding is the RGV format by an image is the total into three channels red green
and blue in the previous videos we have open the image in our before.
But in computer vision and image processing techniques there are other encodings that facilitates the
processing of the image.
One of the most important encodings is the use saturation involves HSP to indicate the type of color
that we see in 360 degrees for example that is represented by the volume 0 to 60 yellow from 60 to 120.
We from 120 to one 80 and between 80 and 240 no between 40 and 300 and Magento between 300 and 360 the
saturation is an indication of how saturated and individually color is which is the amount of gray in
the color and it takes values between 0 to 100 percent.
Finally the Vadhu also known as the brightness it expresses the brightness or the intensity of the color
from zero to 100 percent whereas it is completely black and 100 is the brightest level.
And that is the most color.
Now let's see how in that encoding works up and see work on the subject.
Let's open the fine image China has got five.
Let us consider the following code to open a colored image.
So as usual we need to import non-pilot and open city libraries that we use.
I.
In order to create a color image so here we're going to read the GBG.
And here we specifically specify that we want to read that as a colored image using this flat and then
we put it into an object color image then let as display the color image using item show and display
into a window.
So let me run this code Now image encoding and this is now the tree image.
This is the original image that we read from the file.
Now we're going to extract the different channels of the image.
This image is composed of three Chinitz as you can see here we have red green and blue up and see if
it is possible to read these channels individually.
So let's see how it works.
So you can see the shape of the image is two hundred ninety three two hundred twenty.
And we have three channels red green and blue.
So color the chip allows to return the height the width and the channels and I would explain in the
previous video and you will want to use the function split off up and see the library applied on the
color image in order to split the image into three different channels one channel for the blue color
one channel for the green color and one channel for the red color.
So not every child will represent an image by itself.
For example now I can print the blue image meaning the image in the blue channel.
OK so let me ask you all the code and you can see now you have a grayscale image which represent the
blue component of this colored image.
I can do also the same for the green and for the red images.
So now we're going to show the red channel applied to the red component of the image and then we also
show the green channel applied to the green component of the image and running the code.
Now we're going to have three different images every image.
We're going to present a challenge so you can see here you have the original Chinle.
This is the blue china image that China image and the green china image.
All of these three images combined together with the result into the region colored image up and see
is a very powerful library and it is very easy to go from one encoding to another.
For example I would like to convert the image into h as the image that is possible in this case we can
use the method see with the color of the OP and see the library applied to the color image.
And when we specify which conversion we would like to have.
So this flag color vision are to edge as V is going to convert the image from the format to the form.
So here we're going to have the complete edge as the image we can split the image into three components.
You saturation and value and then we can concatenate.
So because as we are not quite a race so we can use the library to concatenate these three images together
and put them into one window.
So here we can show you Tunisian and biting into one window.
That's run the code you can see.
This is the you this one is about the saturation.
And this one is about the value and the brightness.
And of course these are three channels that you have extracted in the previous operations.
It is also possible to convert a color image into a greyscale image.
And this is a transformation very much used in computer vision and image processing because it is simpler
to analyze the grayscale image as compared to a color image.
So the operation is also very simple like we did with etch as we can do here with gray color transformation.
So we use CVT color applied to the color image.
And here we have another flag that is color.
We are two grade instead of HSV and year the image is going to be converted into a great image.
So let's see the execution.
And this is our greyscale image.
So one last shot is to print the content of the image so you can observe.
Now we have only one channel so the gray image is encoded only on one channel.
However H is V and RGV are both encoded into three channels.
So to summarize in open TV we can open an image and then we can transform it into different codings
whatever we want to have.
RG any color or use saturation value or Also the scale encoding options if it is a very powerful library
allowing you to do complex tasks like this in just one line of code.